Reading User Input
Command-line arguments are a form of user
input,
but we can also capture interactive user
input
while a script is running with the read
command.
In this example, we’ll use read to
capture user input and assign it
to the answer variable.
Nice. We can now read and process
information provided by a user.
We can alter the behavior of the read
command with various command line options.
Two of the most commonly used options
include -p, which allows us to specify
a prompt…
…and -s, which makes the user input
silent.
The -s option is ideal for capturing user
credentials. Let’s try it out.
Notice how the -s option hid the password
as it was entered.